[Gateway] Replace API examples (#18966)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/network-policies/common-policies.mdx

```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Override IP address

Override traffic directed toward a specific IP address with a different IP address.

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

| Selector         | Operator | Value          | Logic | Action           |
| ---------------- | -------- | -------------- | ----- | ---------------- |
| Destination IP   | in       | `203.0.113.17` | And   | Network Override |
| Destination Port | is       | `80`           |       |                  |

| Override IP | Override Port |
| ----------- | ------------- |
| `1.1.1.1`   | `80`          |

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="API">

```bash
curl https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/gateway/rule \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--data '{
  "name": "Override example.com with 1.1.1.1",

>   "description": "Override a site's IP address with another IP",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "Override a site\'s IP address with another IP",
```

>   "description": "Override a site's IP address with another IP",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "Override a site'\''s IP address with another IP",
```
